Imagine a network without a headline party, a phishing slogan, or even no junk ads.
Welcome to Bubble.
Bubble creates a virtual, private network for you.
All the information you will see will pass through it first.
If there is something vulgar and violent, it will be confused by Bubble.
Your Bubble is for you only.
We created a snapshot for you: this is a copy of your instinctive reaction and behavior.
This is a connection network
Created in less than a minute by non-contact tomography
The same technique is also used to detect bad attempts
At the airport, train station and immigration checkpoint.
Your snapshot is a thousand times faster than your brain.
So don't worry: Bubble doesn't have any impact on your browsing experience.
Creating a snapshot is free and takes only a few seconds.
Just stay in front of any of our retail partners.
Buble also monitors your snapshots of anger and anger.
Even just a little dissatisfied.
If you have children:
Now you can monitor their every move, anytime, anywhere.
If you feel that there is something they should not see, don't worry: they can't see it.
Welcome to Bubble.
[中文翻译绿坝娘×@大杨编]